checklists/Sprint-3.md, before:

# Sprint 3 Assessment Checklist
This checklist helps you double check your work for Sprint 3. 
In this sprint, we will assess your Confluence, Trello, JIRA and other tools used as part of your software development process (instead of just looking at your release on GitHub, like it happened in Sprint 1). We believe these tools will give us better metrics to assess teams' efforts (as per your suggestions in our feedback session on April 19, during our seminar). Thank you very much for working together with us in this.

In saying this, it's important we keep our 'package' on GitHub organised.
Later, this might be used as a technical portfolio for you.

## Confluence (infra)
Make sure that your Confluence satisfies the following criteria:

- [ ] The students have produced an excellent structure of the project on Confluence. 
- [ ] Easy to find contents on pages.
- [ ] Most of the contents are visible and editable (no unnecessary attachments). 


## Confluence (contents and consistency)
Make sure that your Confluence satisfies the following criteria:

- [ ] Contents are available and updated on Confluence (meeting minutes, scope of the project, diagrams, technologies used in the project, user stories, test cases). 
- [ ] Contents are consistent with trello (or github project) and with their code repositories. 


## Task Tracking
Make sure that your task tracking satisfy the following criteria:

- [ ] Students organized a product backlog and a lower-level sprint backlog. 
- [ ] Tasks in the sprint backlog were estimated, have an appropriate due date and have a sufficiently low level of granularity. 
- [ ] Tasks are also clear, linked to their user stories (Confluence) and offer additional description when necessary.
- [ ] A link to your Trello or JIRA (Anyone with link can access that resource) was made available to your marker.

## Code Review (Week 10)
Make sure that your code review satisfy the following criteria:

- [ ] Students documented their peer-to-peer or chatgpt code review on GitHub (pull request comment)[THIS ITEM IS OPTIONAL].
- [ ] Students documented their peer-to-peer or chatgpt code review on Confluence (new page on Confluence to document how you performed your code review). 
- [ ] In case you used ChatGPT in Week 10, please disconnect your GitHub repository from our ChatGPT Code Review one so you don't get charged in the future (or, make sure you continue to use this carefully and only when stricly necessary - do not use it for all commits)

## Version Control
Make sure that your version control satisfy the following criteria:
- [ ] Clear indications that version control is being used in an organised manner. 


## Product
Make sure that your product satisfy the following criteria:

- [ ] Product outcomes for this dev Sprint commensurate with project difficulty.
- [ ] Product is deployed and an URL is available on Github README so client can access current version of this software.


## Meetings
Make sure your meetings (team meetings, supervision meetings and meetings with industry partners) are documented in Confluence (and only). 

- [ ] Meetings are recorded in Confluence and only. They were NOT exported to Github as they're part of internal process.


## GitHub
Make sure that: 

- [ ] Folders are structured.
- [ ] Sprint 3 documents were exported from Confluence and added to the repository (and are updated)
- [ ] README file is updated and explain the team's repository and new release
- [ ] A baseline tag was generated for this Sprint


## Additional Information

*do you have any other additional information you'd like to share with us? Please add it here.*

Commit message:

Improved checklist to students (consistent with current dev workflow - NO additional work for them)

checklists/Sprint-3.md, after:

# Sprint 3 Assessment Checklist
This checklist helps you double check your work for Sprint 3. 
In this sprint, we will assess your Confluence, Trello, JIRA and other tools used as part of your software development process (instead of just looking at your release on GitHub, like it happened in Sprint 1). We believe these tools will give us better metrics to assess teams' efforts (as per your suggestions in our feedback session on April 19, during our seminar). Thank you very much for working together with us in this.

In saying this, it's important we keep our 'package' on GitHub organised.
Later, this might be used as a technical portfolio for you.

## Confluence (infra)
Make sure that your Confluence satisfies the following criteria:

- [ ] The students have produced an excellent structure of the project on Confluence. 
- [ ] Easy to find contents on pages.
- [ ] Most of the contents are visible and editable (no unnecessary attachments). 


## Confluence (contents and consistency)
Make sure that your Confluence satisfies the following criteria:

- [ ] Contents are available and updated on Confluence (meeting minutes, scope of the project, diagrams, technologies used in the project, user stories, test cases). 
- [ ] Contents are consistent with trello (or github project) and with their code repositories. 


## Task Tracking
Make sure that your task tracking satisfy the following criteria:

- [ ] Students organized a product backlog and a lower-level sprint backlog. 
- [ ] Tasks in the sprint backlog were estimated, have an appropriate due date and have a sufficiently low level of granularity. 
- [ ] Tasks are also clear, linked to their user stories (Confluence) and offer additional description when necessary.
- [ ] A link to your Trello or JIRA (Anyone with link can access that resource) was made available to your marker.

## Code Review (Week 10)
Make sure that your code review satisfy the following criteria:

- [ ] Students documented their peer-to-peer or chatgpt code review on GitHub (pull request comment)[THIS ITEM IS OPTIONAL].
- [ ] Students documented their peer-to-peer or chatgpt code review on Confluence (new page on Confluence to document how you performed your code review). 
- [ ] In case you used ChatGPT in Week 10, please disconnect your GitHub repository from our ChatGPT Code Review one so you don't get charged in the future (or, make sure you continue to use this carefully and only when stricly necessary - do not use it for all commits)

## Sprint Planning and Review
Make sure that your sprint planning and review are documented on Confluence:
- [ ] Clear indication that sprint planning was followed this sprint and a clear, consistent, updated sprint planning for Sprint 4.
- [ ] Clear indication that sprint review was followed this sprint. Team organised a meeting for this, documented discussions, reflections and next steps to be taken in Sprint 4.

## Product
Make sure that your product satisfy the following criteria:

- [ ] Product is deployed and an URL is available on Confluence and Github README so client can access current version of this software.
- [ ] FOR PROJECTS YOU CANT DEPLOY IT NOW: Can you emulate the project and demonstrate current progress for us in a short recorded video? we need to be able to measure your development progress in Sprint 3, that's all.


## Meetings
Make sure your meetings (team meetings, supervision meetings and meetings with industry partners) are documented in Confluence (and only). 

- [ ] Meetings are recorded in Confluence and only. They were NOT exported to Github as they're part of internal process.


## GitHub
Make sure that: 

- [ ] Folders are structured.
- [ ] Sprint 3 documents were exported from Confluence and added to the repository (and are updated)
- [ ] README file is updated and explain the team's repository and new release
- [ ] A baseline tag was generated for this Sprint


## Additional Information

*do you have any other additional information you'd like to share with us? Please add it here.*
